Fix: Ensure `saveFile` writes bytes on desktop platforms (#1729)
miguelpruivo/flutter_file_picker: CHANGELOG.md

## 9.2.0
### Desktop (macOS, Windows, Linux)

> - `saveFile` now writes the provided `bytes` to the selected file, ensuring consistency with mobile behavior. [@vicajilau](https://github.com/vicajilau).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes an inconsistency for saveFile that did not save the file on desktop platforms. [@vicajilau](https://github.com/vicajilau).
```
